MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Upright USA by Life Winks, LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR FAMILY PROTECTION:

This software is specifically designed for family preservation and protection
purposes. Any use of this code that deliberately harms families, separates
children from loving parents, or exploits vulnerable family members is
expressly prohibited and violates the spirit of this license.

MILITARY FAMILY HONOR CLAUSE:

Special recognition and priority access shall be given to military families
and veterans. Any commercial use of this software should honor military
service through free or reduced-cost access to family protection tools.

CONSTITUTIONAL & BIBLICAL FOUNDATION:

This software is built upon U.S. Constitutional principles and Biblical
foundations (specifically Matthew 5:3-19). Users are encouraged to maintain
these foundational elements when modifying or distributing the software.

SERVICE OVER PROFIT COMMITMENT:

In keeping with the original project's mission, any derivative works should
prioritize service to families over profit extraction from families.
